
                Wien2Wannier Installation Instructions
                **************************************

1. wien2wannier
===============

Your Wien2k installation already includes wien2wannier.  To use that
version, you do not need to take any extra steps.  These instructions
are concerned with upgrading to a newer wien2wannier version.

C a v e a t: This version of wien2wannier is meant to be used with the
Wien2k version given in the file `WIEN-VERSION'.  Because wien2wannier
is integrated into Wien2k's `x' script, this script will be replaced
when you unpack `wien2wannier.tar'.  This can break things if you are
using a different Wien2k version.

Two distinct ways of upgrading are supported via `make'.  For most
users, option 1 is preferred.


Option 1: complete upgrade
--------------------------

This option will update all of the files in the wien2wannier
distribution.  In particular, `x_lapw' will be overwritten!

In the wien2wannier directory, run

  $ make wien-tar

This creates a file with a name like
`wien2wannier-$VERSION-expand-in-wienroot.tar', whose middle part
identifies the precise version of wien2wannier.

Next, expand this file in your Wien2k directory:

  $ tar -xvf *-expand-in-wienroot.tar --directory $WIENROOT

Finally, you need to insert the settings from the files `COMPILER' and
`OPTIONS' and recompile the wien2wannier executables.  There is a
convenience script to do this, which must be run from $WIENROOT:

  $ cd $WIENROOT
  $ SRC_w2w/compile_wien2wannier.sh


Option 2: quick deploy
----------------------

This option only copies the essential files (executables and
templates).  It is intended mainly for developers as a way to quickly
deploy and test a new version.

  $ make install

will install to $WIENROOT, you can set a different target like this

  $ make install target-dir=/over/the/rainbow


2. Wannier90
============

Wannier90 should also be compiled with the same settings as before,
because wien2wannier needs to read the binary chk file.  You can find
these settings in `$WIENROOT/{COMPILER,OPTIONS}'.  Wannier90 can be
downloaded from <http://wannier.org>, and we refer to its
documentation for installation instructions. To use it together with
wien2wannier, you need to have the executable `wannier90.x' in your
$PATH.
